After we installed AKS engine to deploy a kubrnetes cluster we must first define the cluster inside a json file.
For this demo app I used a simple layout with 1 control plane VM and one worker VM (in some regions there is a core limit for free accounts, this layout fits this limit :) )
The configuration can be found here [kubernetes.json](kubernetes.json)
In the configurtion file we have set the dns-prefix as "dnsPrefix": "nicolae-demo-app". This would be used as part of the address to acces the cluster.

1. Connect using ssh to the already created and configured clientVM
2. Login to azure with the command: $ az login
3. To deploy the cluster the following command must be used:

    $ aks-engine deploy --api-model=demo_app/kubernetes.json --resource-group=KubernetesDemoApp --location=westeurope

This command uses aks-engine to deploy a kubernetes cluster based on the descripton from [kubernetes.json](kubernetes.json) file. In this case we have used the resource group KubernetesDemoApp created initialy from the Azure web page. Also as location I have used westeurope. 

After the command runs succesfuly the older _output would be created and inside there would be another folder with name set from the dnsPrefix field of kubernetes.json (nicolae-demo-app in my case).
In the app folder (_output/nicolae-demo-app/) we can found the certifcates used to authenticate when discussing with the kubernetes API using kubectl.
In order for kubectl to work this the newly deployed kubernetes cluster we must set the env variable  KUBECONFIG to the correct path for the kubernetes config:

    $ export KUBECONFIG=~/_output/nicolae-demo-app/kubeconfig/kubeconfig.westeurope.json